# nuxt2 using mds-components-core and @lit-labs/ssr
2 issues have prevented us from spending further time on developing a solution on Nuxt:
- In line 9 in `@lit-labs/ssr/lib/util/parse5-utils.js`, `require` is used and that causes `webpack` to not be able to resolve `parse5`. Converting the `require` statement there to `import parse5 from 'parse5';` fixes the issue, but as we're not the mainainer of the `@lit-labs/ssr` library, we cannot change that line of code unless we make a contribution and in that case we'd need to wait for the lit team to approve and release the solution. The other way to fix this is of course forking the library and fixing issue and then using the fixed edition, which might be the only solution for now if implementing a solution with Nuxt gets an urgent need.
- `createRequire(import.meta.url);` is used line 7 in `@lit-labs/ssr/lib/util/parse5-utils.js`, and webpack cannot resolve that. In order to fix the issue we needed to use `@open-wc/webpack-import-meta-loader` and add it to webpack config through `nuxt.config`. Meanwhile when we did that we would get another error that `createRequire` was not able to use the absolute file url generated by `@open-wc/webpack-import-meta-loader` and in order to fix that issue we decided to make our own custom webpack loader which generates a relative file url instead. The custom webpack loader is placed under `webpack/webpack-import-meta-loader` folder and nuxt config is tweaked to use that.



## Build Setup

```bash
# install dependencies
$ npm install

# serve with hot reload at localhost:3000
$ npm run dev

# build for production and launch server
$ npm run build
$ npm run start

# generate static project
$ npm run generate
```

For detailed explanation on how things work, check out the [documentation](https://nuxtjs.org).

## Special Directories

You can create the following extra directories, some of which have special behaviors. Only `pages` is required; you can delete them if you don't want to use their functionality.

### `assets`

The assets directory contains your uncompiled assets such as Stylus or Sass files, images, or fonts.

More information about the usage of this directory in [the documentation](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/directory-structure/assets).

### `components`

The components directory contains your Vue.js components. Components make up the different parts of your page and can be reused and imported into your pages, layouts and even other components.

More information about the usage of this directory in [the documentation](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/directory-structure/components).

### `layouts`

Layouts are a great help when you want to change the look and feel of your Nuxt app, whether you want to include a sidebar or have distinct layouts for mobile and desktop.

More information about the usage of this directory in [the documentation](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/directory-structure/layouts).

### `pages`

This directory contains your application views and routes. Nuxt will read all the `*.vue` files inside this directory and setup Vue Router automatically.

More information about the usage of this directory in [the documentation](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/get-started/routing).

### `plugins`

The plugins directory contains JavaScript plugins that you want to run before instantiating the root Vue.js Application. This is the place to add Vue plugins and to inject functions or constants. Every time you need to use `Vue.use()`, you should create a file in `plugins/` and add its path to plugins in `nuxt.config.js`.

More information about the usage of this directory in [the documentation](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/directory-structure/plugins).

### `static`

This directory contains your static files. Each file inside this directory is mapped to `/`.

Example: `/static/robots.txt` is mapped as `/robots.txt`.

More information about the usage of this directory in [the documentation](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/directory-structure/static).

### `store`

This directory contains your Vuex store files. Creating a file in this directory automatically activates Vuex.

More information about the usage of this directory in [the documentation](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/directory-structure/store).

### Babel transpile

npx babel --plugins=@babel/plugin-syntax-optional-chaining --presets=@babel/preset-env node_modules/@lit-labs/ssr --out-dir ssr2
